README.md, before:

Collection of notebooks for the [macroeconomic theory course](https://www.uio.no/studier/emner/sv/oekonomi/ECON4310) and the [growth course](https://www.uio.no/studier/emner/sv/oekonomi/ECON4351/)  at the University of Oslo. To run them in the cloud, click here: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/karlharmenberg/uiogrowth/HEAD)


## Content of repository

Below follows a short description of each of the notebooks in the repository.

| Notebook                     | Content                                                                                  |
|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| kaldor.ipynb                 | Look at the Kaldor facts, as in Kurlat 2020 chapter 3.                                   |
| solow.ipynb                  | Produce some simple Solow-model figures and simulate a shock to the saving rate.         |
| intro_pwt.ipynb              | Open Penn World Table and replicate three figures from Jones 2016.                       |
| growth_accounting.ipynb      | Perform a growth accounting exercise, replicating Table 5.1 from Aghion and Howitt 2009. |
| development_accounting.ipynb | Perform a development accounting exercise, replicating Caselli 2005.                     |
| ramsey_model.ipynb           | Introduce a solution method and solve for the dynamics of the Ramsey growth model.       |

More notebooks will likely be added as the course progresses.

Commit message:

added business cycle analysis to the repository

README.md, after:

Collection of notebooks for the [macroeconomic theory course](https://www.uio.no/studier/emner/sv/oekonomi/ECON4310) and the [growth course](https://www.uio.no/studier/emner/sv/oekonomi/ECON4351/)  at the University of Oslo. To run them in the cloud, click here: [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/karlharmenberg/uiogrowth/HEAD)


## Content of repository

Below follows a short description of each of the notebooks in the repository.

| Notebook                     | Content                                                                                  |
|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| kaldor.ipynb                 | Look at the Kaldor facts, as in Kurlat 2020 chapter 3.                                   |
| solow.ipynb                  | Produce some simple Solow-model figures and simulate a shock to the saving rate.         |
| intro_pwt.ipynb              | Open Penn World Table and replicate three figures from Jones 2016.                       |
| growth_accounting.ipynb      | Perform a growth accounting exercise, replicating Table 5.1 from Aghion and Howitt 2009. |
| development_accounting.ipynb | Perform a development accounting exercise, replicating Caselli 2005.                     |
| ramsey_model.ipynb           | Introduce a solution method and solve for the dynamics of the Ramsey growth model.       |
| bc.ipynb           | Perform principal component analysis on business cycle variables and "discover" the business cyle      |
More notebooks will likely be added as the course progresses.
